# Incident: YYYY-MM-DD HH-mm-ss

## Summary

Between the hours of 17:35 UTC and 17:42 UTC on April 4th, 9 users encountered unfulfilled orders and an inability to verify. The event was triggered by a factory service outage at 11:35.

A bug in this code caused failure to fulfill pizza orders. The event was detected by Grafana. The team started working on the event by analyzing system logs. This severe incident affected 100% of users.

## Detection

This incident was detected when the error detection alert was triggered and Parker Shumard was paged.


## Impact

For 7 minutes between 17:35 UTC and 17:42 UTC on 04/04/25, our users experienced this incident.

This incident affected 9 customers (100% OF JWT PIZZA USERS), who experienced inability to get pizza.

0 SUPPORT TICKETS AND 0 SOCIAL MEDIA POSTS were submitted.

## Timeline

All times are UTC.

- _17:35_ - First error during pizza order is detected.
- _17:38_ - The amount of errors sets off the error alert and pages Parker Shumard
- _17:40_ - Shumard begins log analysis
- _17:41_ - Discovery of pizza factory outage and subsequent report is sent to factory
- _17:42_ - Service resumes normal functionality



## Response

After receiving a page at 17:38 UTC, Parker Shumard came online at 17:40 UTC in Grafana.

## Root cause

The Pizza factory was failing to fulfill pizza orders. 

## Resolution

Responding engineer sent error report to pizza factory, resolving the issue.

## Prevention

There have been no other incidents

## Action items

1. Working with pizza factory team to ensure consistent uptime
